
set colored-stats                    on
set visible-stats                    on
set mark-symlinked-directories       on
set colored-completion-prefix        on
set menu-complete-display-prefix     on
set bell-style                       audible
set bind-tty-special-chars           on
set blink-matching-paren             on
set byte-oriented                    off
set comment-begin                    #
set completion-prefix-display-length 111
set completion-query-items           200
set convert-meta                     off
set disable-completion               off
set echo-control-characters          on
set editing-mode vi
set enable-keypad                    off
set enable-meta-key                  on
set history-preserve-point           off
set history-size                     1000
set horizontal-scroll-mode           off
set input-meta                       on
set keymap vi-insert
set mark-directories                 on
set mark-modified-lines              off
set mark-symlinked-directories       on
set match-hidden-files               off
set meta-flag                        on
set output-meta                      on
set page-completions                 on
#set prefer-visible-bell             on
set revert-all-at-newline            off
set show-all-if-ambiguous            on
set show-all-if-unmodified           on
set skip-completed-text              on
set visible-stats                    on
set completion-ignore-case           on
set print-completions-horizontally   on
